vmalert: fix alert states restoration (#7624)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/changelog/CHANGELOG.md

* BUGFIX: [vmagent](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmagent): Properly return `200 OK` HTTP status code when importing data via [Pushgateway protocol](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/#how-to-import-data-in-prometheus-exposition-format) using [multitenant URL format](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/cluster-victoriametrics/#url-format). See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/3636) and [this pull request](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/pull/7571).
* BUGFIX: [vmsingle](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/single-server-victoriametrics/), `vmselect` in [VictoriaMetrics cluster](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/cluster-victoriametrics/): properly return result for binary operation `^` aka pow at query requests for `NaN` values. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/7359) for details.
* BUGFIX: [vmui](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/#vmui): fix rendering of isolated data points on the graph that are not connected to other points.

> * BUGFIX: [vmalert](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmalert): fix alert states restoration when the alert got resolved shortly before the vmalert process shuts down. Previously, this could result in false alerts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* BUGFIX: [vmalert](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmalert): improve the correctness of alert [state restoration](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmalert/#alerts-state-on-restarts). Previously, it could result in false-positive alerts if alert was resolved shortly before vmalert restart.
```
